Update deadly-lava.md (#940)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/tutorials/use-case-tutorials/scripting/basic-scripting/deadly-lava.md

1. Declare a new function called `kill`.
2. Access the `Touched` event on the lava object using a dot, just like a property: `lava.Touched`.

> 3. Call the `Connect` function on the `Touched` event, passing it to the `kill` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call the `Connect` function on the `Touched` event, passing `kill()` as the function to trigger when the part is touched.
```
